---
title: "June 2019 Newsletter | Canada e Academy"
meta_description: "Canada e Academy June 2019 newsletter."
url: "https://canadaeacademy.com/newsletters/2019/june-2019"
---

# Canada e Academy Newsletter — June 2019

## Looking to Complete Credits Over the Summer?

Register between July 1st and August 5th to complete any course in as little as three weeks through our accelerated summer school offerings! For more information, contact our office or email us at info@canadaeacademy.com.

[Browse Our Course Offerings](https://canadaeacademy.com/courses/)

## Follow Us on Social Media

Be sure to follow Canada e Academy on **Facebook**, **Twitter**, and **Instagram**. We post deadline and scholarship information, study tips, discount codes, as well as fun giveaways where you can win prizes just by tagging your friends! Prizes include Amazon gift cards, tech gifts, and lots of other cool stuff!

## Extended Office Hours

The Canada e Academy office is now open every weeknight until 9 pm to better serve your needs. Please note that due to finals season, teachers and administration will be experiencing high volume. Consult with your instructor about email and marking response times.

## Meet Ms. Milburn

Hi, my name is Taylor Milburn and I am a math teacher with Canada e Academy! I knew from an early age that teaching was the career for me, as I have always enjoyed helping others achieve success. For the past 3 years, I have been teaching Grade 9, 10 and 11 Math, although I am also qualified to teach Biology, Chemistry and Phys-Ed.

As well as being a teacher, I am also a lacrosse coach and have my own handmade jewellery business, which I started about a year ago. In my free time, I love to play lacrosse, try out different hiking trails and, most importantly, spend time with my family and friends.

---
**Canada e Academy** — Your Path. Your Pace. Your Future.
