---
title: "June 2020 Newsletter | Canada e Academy"
meta_description: "Canada e Academy June 2020 newsletter."
url: "https://canadaeacademy.com/newsletters/2020/june-2020"
---

# Canada e Academy Newsletter — June 2020

As we all come to terms with the fact that Summer 2020 is going to look vastly different from what we have longed for, we must continue to practise safe social distancing, in consideration of ourselves and others. It is our sincere hope that the quality course content we provide will help our students maintain a daily learning routine throughout these closures, while providing the added flexibility that is so essential in fostering good mental health.

## Summer School

With the sudden scramble to transition the semester online, many students are anxious about what the fall will bring. Why not take advantage of this time to catch up or get ahead with online summer school? Earn high school credits from wherever you are, in as little as 3 weeks when you sign up for a new course in July or August!

## Finals Season

At Canada e Academy, we are keeping finals season as easy as 1-2-3!

1. Check your course homepage(s) for individual instructor timelines
2. Follow the appropriate timeline (Contact our office if you are not sure!)
3. Request your final report card, including your guidance email and OUAC/OCAS information.

## Teacher Spotlight: 10+ Years of Excellence Leads Former Student to Return to Teach the Next Generation!

Meet Ms. Aggarwal, our newest Junior Science teacher. Having earned an Honours Biology Degree from York University and her Master's in Education from OISE, Ms. Aggarwal chose to return to Canada e Academy to help us teach the next generation of online learners!

"I believe that Canada e Academy does a great job at preparing students pursuing post-secondary education, as online learning is a standard practice in many universities and colleges."

---
**Canada e Academy** — Your Path. Your Pace. Your Future.
